d'marie a win over wolves and it was
your goal that got the winner you must
be delighted today yeah it was a great
game I think the last part great
performance soon and obviously it's nice
to cap it off for God it's fully
deserved as well because blues more than
match wolves decide that were flying
before today yeah definitely obviously
we had to set back going on one no down
but we bounced back before before
half-time and the gaffer said during a
break if kid you know what we're doing
we couldn't get a goal and we pushed and
how do we how do you how do it down well
it was the end of the game and it's
great to get the free points on the goal
how important was it that you equalized
pretty quickly because what wasn't
really been had to made to work for that
opening goal so he came someone out of
the blue
yeah it definitely just shows like a
performer today and getting you closer
it just showed that we had great
character today and we always believed
that if we keep playing how we played we
would we would make it and get the goal
it was your goal the winning yeah to do
some running before he got the
opportunity to finish yeah definitely
you know I was whining once I just
opened must go into my paces I just
didn't stuff and to be fair I am over
hit it and I just kept working and
luckily I nicked it and it's had two key
components light and it was a great
feeling to score yeah gonna say it must
have been a nice moment for you to score
the winner in in a derby game yeah yeah
definitely haven't scored for a while
and last few months have been
frustrating not scoring and stuff
because that's what I need to do my
pleasure but yeah it's great and
hopefully I can just pick up now and was
it last five games
so hopefully get a few more the lad
showed great characters because after
Bournemouth it could've been easy to to
sort of not put in the level of
performance that he did today but once
again he showed a great character to
bounce back yeah definitely was
disappointed last week what you know I
was um we just showed our character
enough fight and love a home another
home win and a Fanta great again so yeah
you mentioned there but another home win
the home form is had a complete
turnaround since and their manager came
in which is good for the fans because
they keep turning out and showing great
support
yeah definitely the fans are great today
local diabetes always important that the
atmosphere is great and so yeah we've
got a key
perform like that in the next home game
on Tuesday and just
on fraud versus season
you